Build a new, fully isolated “Meeting Preview Module” inside the existing Rev Winner web assistance application. This module must be completely additive and must not modify, refactor, or interrupt any current functionality of the Rev Winner platform, including real-time assistance, transcription, battle cards, UI components, backend logic, or existing user workflows. The goal is to allow the user to preview their currently running video meeting (Google Meet, Microsoft Teams, Zoom Web, Webex, VoIP/SIP calls, or any WebRTC-based meeting) inside the Rev Winner interface, so the user can stay on one screen during their customer interaction. When the user clicks “Preview My Meeting,” show a modal asking: “Which meeting app would you like to preview?” with options such as Google Meet, Microsoft Teams, Zoom Web, Webex, VoIP Calling, or “Other WebRTC Tab.” After they select the app, show a second modal that says: “Rev Winner needs your permission to preview your meeting. When the browser dialog opens, select the meeting tab or window.” Then trigger the native browser capture dialog using navigator.mediaDevices.getDisplayMedia({ video: { displaySurface: "browser" }, audio: false }). The user must manually choose the tab/window. The captured meeting must be rendered as a live preview inside Rev Winner as a PIP-style floating window that is draggable, closable, and resizable. Additionally, the user must be able to select different preview sizes such as “Small,” “Medium,” “Large,” or “Fullscreen Docked Mode,” enabling them to choose the ideal viewing size while still remaining within the same screen. The preview window must be optional, non-intrusive, and fully independent from existing modules. Display a universal control panel inside the preview window offering mute/unmute, camera on/off, hold/resume, add participants, and end call functionality. These controls should only function when supported by the selected provider’s exposed browser APIs; otherwise, they should be shown in a disabled state with a tooltip stating “This control is not supported for this meeting application.” The preview is a purely local on-device render and must never be recorded, saved, transmitted, or sent to the backend. Only one meeting preview can be active at a time; if the user attempts to start a new preview, the module must stop the previous media stream, close the previous preview window, and replace it with the new one, displaying a toast notification that reads: “Only one meeting preview can be active at a time.” The complete feature must be implemented inside a new isolated folder /meeting-preview/ containing files such as index.js, meetingCapture.js, meetingSelector.js, meetingControls.js, meetingPreviewWindow.jsx, modalUserPrompt.jsx, and styles.css. Backend routes must only be created under /meeting-preview/*, and no existing backend code may be altered. The module must strictly follow browser security rules—no script injection into Google Meet, Teams, or Zoom, no hidden capture requests, and no automatic access to camera, microphone, or screen. The preview rendering should be optimized using low-resolution scaling, efficient rendering via requestAnimationFrame, and automatic cleanup of media streams to avoid memory leaks. The preview must automatically close if the stream ends, if permission is denied, or if the meeting tab is closed. The entire purpose of this module is to ensure that Rev Winner users can stay on a single screen during customer interactions, without switching tabs, while keeping the entire main application stable, untouched, and functioning exactly as it currently does.